[SaaS]Update versioning.mdx (#23729)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/reference/versioning.mdx

Before your migration, you should:

1. To test validation methods, set up a test zone and ask your account team to enable SSL for SaaS v2.
2. Wait for your account team to run our pre-migration tool. This tool groups your hostnames into one of the following statuses:
   * `test_pending`: In the process of being verified or was unable to be verified and re-queued for verification. A custom hostname will be re-queued 25 times before moving to the `test_failed` status.
   * `test_active`: Passed CNAME verification
   * `test_active_apex`: Passed Apex Proxy verification

>    * `test_blocked`: Hostname will be blocked during the migration because hostname belongs to a banned zone. Contact your CSM to verify banned custom hostnames and proceed with the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `test_blocked`: Hostname will be blocked during the migration because hostname belongs to a banned zone. Engage your account manager to verify banned custom hostnames and proceed with the migration.
```
